Refactor docs for the new integrations page (#2290)
grafana/oncall: docs/sources/integrations/alertmanager/index.md

# Alertmanager integration for Grafana OnCall

> > You must have an [Admin role]({{< relref "user-and-team-management" >}}) to create integrations in Grafana OnCall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You must have the [role of Admin]({{< relref "user-and-team-management" >}}) to be able to create integrations in Grafana OnCall.
```

The Alertmanager integration handles alerts from [Prometheus Alertmanager](https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/alertmanager/).

> This integration is the recommended way to send alerts from Prometheus deployed in your infrastructure to Grafana OnCall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration is the recommended way to send alerts from Prometheus deployed in your infrastructure, to Grafana OnCall.
```

> > **Pro tip:** Create one integration per team and configure alertmanager labels selector to send alerts only related to that team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Pro tip:** Create one integration per team, and configure alertmanager labels selector to send alerts only related to that team
```

> ## Configuring Grafana OnCall to Receive Alerts from Monitoring System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Grafana OnCall to Receive Alerts from Prometheus Alertmanager
```
